Previously on "Colony"...
I represent a resistance
group based outside the wall.
We have a RAP.
Just needs the gauntlet to tap
into their communication.
We've got the target. Get out of there.
She can't... she can't be dead.
She never told us where her base was.
She never told us anything.
A recovery operation for the gauntlet.
We'll find it
through border inspections
during the evacuation.
- Were you going to tell me?
- I got the call last night.
Dare I ask what
they're planning instead?
Total rendition.
[scoffs]
I'm being transitioned into a position
with the Global Authority.
I've carved out
a place for you on my staff.
We need to leave the bloc.
We could contact Snyder.
If we make a trade.
do you have the juice
to get us out of the bloc?
I want to come with you.
I just don't want to be a rat anymore.
I'm staying.
When you get outside.
you need to make contact
with Noa's people and get this to them.
[ship whooshing overhead]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
[chickens clucking]
Ow.
Ow. Ow. ow.
Breakfast ready yet?
I don't know when I turned
into a short-order cook.
It's because you're useless
at all the other chores.
"Useless" seems like
an unnecessarily hurtful
choice of words.
You dyed all my T-shirts pink.
What am I. a laundry service?
[sighs]
How's "Treasure Island"?
I don't really trust Long John Silver.
That's a good instinct.
Good morning.
Gross.
I know. right? [scoffs]
If either of you wants more privacy.
there are tools in the garage
and wood in the forest.
You can build your own house.
You two missed another
beautiful sunrise this morning.
Mm. I wouldn't say that we missed it.
[chuckles]
[device beeping rapidly]
[dramatic music]
It's early today.
We got to move.
♪ ♪
Get 'em in the shelter.
[birds cawing. wings flapping]
[drone whirs and clicks]
It's coming up on the mark.
It should turn around in...
three. two. one.
What's it doing?
Should we run?
Hold.
♪ ♪
Why did it break the pattern?
It crossed the survey line.
♪ ♪
[dramatic music]
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com
Think it was responding to something?
There's no way to know.
Maybe we should move
to the backup cabin.
It didn't come in this direction.
And even if it does. we've
rigged every inch of this place
with booby traps and alarms.
[bird crows in the distance]
It still beats LA. right?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[reel whirring]
I got one!
[laughs] All right.
That's it.
Keep the tension on it.
Don't jerk it.
That's it. That's it. Keep your tip up.
Strip line. strip line. Don't jerk it.
That's right. That's it... tip up.
There we go. Almost. Almost.
Oh-oh!
There he is.
- [laughs]
- [giggles]
It's a big one.
Gonna be delicious.
All right.
Look at that.
[both laugh]
You're a natural.
I like it here.
Yeah. me too.
Are we gonna stay?
As long as it's safe.
Sometimes I miss seeing other kids.
Yeah. I know.
At least you got your brothers. right?
[both laugh]
[birds chirping]
[sighs]
This isn't gonna stop a drone.
There's a lot more than just
drones in these woods. love.
I feel like a Masai tribeswoman.
Good.
Those women walk 40 miles
across the Serengeti for water
without complaining.
A little help?
[chuckles]
[groans]
[static crackling over radio]
[person speaking indistinctly
over radio]
17. 19. 5.
36. 22.
86. 114.
Any luck?
Your daughter catches fish
faster than I can net 'em.
[chuckles]
Where have you been?
[bird crows in the distance]
I have to show you something.
I've been using
a radio direction finder.
A what?
It's basically just
a receiver with an S meter.
I've been tracking the number station.
and one of the signals is really strong.
so I tried to triangulate her position.
She moves between every broadcast.
but if you assume she's on foot...
You're gonna have to explain this stuff.
She's close.
Like. really close.
You want to try and contact her.
If we respond on the radio
she'll just change the station.
That's what they're trained to do.
Not if we tell her
that we have the gauntlet...
and give her someplace safe to meet.
You've just proved
that if we use the radio.
we'll give away our position.
You keep talking about how
important the gauntlet is.
how it might be worth
everything that happened
in the bloc.
but we're just sitting up here
with that thing. doing nothing.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Your father's right.
But this is amazing work.
We just have to figure out
what to do with it.
♪ ♪
Gin rummy. Best of five.
I don't play with cheaters.
[sighs] For the last time.
I was not cheating.
- Those were the rules.
- Rules that you made up to win.
otherwise known as cheating.
Well. it's not my fault
you're bad at cards.
"Bad at cards"?
Young lady. I'll have you know
that I won the Sherman Oaks
Municipal Poker tournament...
twice.
Where's Bram?
5. 19.
17. 22...
[knock at door]
[sighs] What do you want?
Is it really healthy for a young man
to spend all of his time
listening to some lady
read numbers on the radio?
Are you here to give me the sex talk?
I would. but unless you've
fallen in love with a bear.
I don't see that it's
gonna be of much use.
Well. then thanks for stopping by.
I overheard you talking to your parents.
You spied on us?
The walls are thin.
The point is that you were right.
You need to reach out to the Resistance.
Why do you suddenly care
so much about the Resistance?
As much as I've enjoyed
our little mountain sojourn.
we can't survive up here forever.
We'll either run out of supplies.
or one of the drones will find us.
Or maybe a bear.
♪ ♪
I'm just encouraging you
to pursue your hobby...
for all our sakes.
♪ ♪
- Yes!
- You're cheating.
How many games of gin rummy
you think those kids have played?
Enough to wear out the cards.
Gracie's a shark.
She tried to play me
for a piece of chocolate
the other day.
So Bram...
Yeah. He's bored off his ass.
I don't blame him.
He may be bored.
but he's still got a point.
We can't stay here forever.
[sighs] Why not?
What are we supposed to do.
wander around the desert
looking for a Resistance camp?
I'm frustrated.
A lot of people died for that gauntlet.
What do you want to do?
You're right that
we can't expose ourselves.
But there's got to be another way.
[sighs]
Okay.
Okay. we'll try.
But in the meantime.
this isn't so bad. right?
I mean. we're like
Swiss Family Robinson.
- They have an Uncle Snyder?
- Oh. hell. nothing's perfect.
♪ ♪
Hmm.
Come here. you.
Oh. come on.
[both laughing]
Mm.
♪ ♪
[chuckles]
[distant explosions]
♪ ♪
- I've got the kids.
- What the hell was that?
[ship whooshing overhead]
♪ ♪
[birds chirping]
[mechanical whirring]
[whooshing]
- Drones.
- Are they coming here?
[suspenseful music]
What was it?
Some kind of ship.
It crashed a few miles away.
The Hosts' first response
will be search and rescue.
but then they're gonna
lock down the area.
- Did those drones spot us?
- I don't think so.
We got to get out of here.
We're more likely to be
spotted on the move.
Yeah. and if those things go
into search-and-destroy mode?
We need more information.
I'll go up the mountain.
see if I can get eyes
on that crash site.
see if it's close enough that
the drones are gonna be on us.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- You're coming with me.
- What? Why me?
'Cause you're the only one
that might know something
about that ship... come on.
♪ ♪
You know. in my experience.
you don't have to work so hard
to find problems.
They usually come and find you.
[sighs] Less talking. more walking.
I'm doing my best.
Your legs are. like. nine feet long.
[breathing heavily]
[sighs]
You ever heard of a RAP ship
crashing before?
You mean other than the one
your son detonated over the bloc?
- [sighs]
- [engine whirring overhead]
That's a chopper.
Sounds like a Blackhawk.
Probably the Authority's ERT...
Grayhats. trained for quick deployment.
If there's a human response.
this wasn't just an accident.
Something bigger is going on.
Then we need to get to that overlook.
Let's go.
Are you sure this is the right spot?
Unless somebody moved it.
[shovel thuds]
We have to get this to the Resistance.
What if they really have a RAP?
This could be the thing
that wins the war.
- Don't you care?
- Of course. I care.
A lot of people suffered for this thing.
maybe the whole LA colony.
Which is why we have to use the radio.
- It's too dangerous.
- A ship just crashed.
There are drones everywhere.
It's already dangerous.
I hear you. That's why
we have to be extra careful.
I will be careful.
Maybe the Resistance
can get us out of here.
Who's in charge?
You or Dad?
[scoffs]
We're all in charge.
We make decisions together.
That's not true.
I know that you agree with me
about the radio.
That means it's two to one.
- We'll talk about it later.
- You know I'm right. Mom.
If we stay here.
the RAPs are gonna find us.
and everything that you did
will be for nothing.
♪ ♪
[breathing heavily]
We can't go out there. They'll spot us.
Right now they got bigger fish to fry.
You want to bet your life on that?
What do you think's gonna happen
if they cordon up this area
and end up catching us?
You're a former proxy who went rogue
with the most wanted resistance
group in Los Angeles.
I'll just tell them
that you kidnapped me.
I can be very convincing.
We're going to that observation deck.
and you're gonna tell me
exactly what you see.
Come on.
Okay.
[groaning]
♪ ♪
Why are the drones attacking that thing?
Isn't it one of the RAP's own ships?
Your guess is as good as mine.
Really?
[gunfire. explosions in the distance]
It doesn't look like
one of the Hosts' ships.
They're usually less streamlined.
Then what the hell is that?
There was a rumor at the IGA
about the Factory.
Some people thought it was designed
to build space-based weapons.
Defense weapons?
The RAPs have enemies?
We were in a cabin
for six goddamn months
and you never thought to mention that?
There were a million stories
flying around the IGA.
Did you expect me to repeat
every rumor that I heard?
I'm looking at a lot more than a rumor.
Maybe the RAPs are at war.
Maybe that ship
came here to attack them.
Or maybe a group of humans
stole a RAP ship
that I haven't seen before.
and it just got shot down.
There's no way to know.
- This is huge.
- Why?
Suppose you're right.
and there is a war.
We'd just be a bunch of cavemen
stuck in the middle throwing rocks.
Or maybe we find an ally.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
That's the same logic the Japanese used
when they sided with the Nazis.
As I remember. it didn't
exactly work out well for them.
[drones whirring]
We got to get out of here.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
Where are we going?
Oh. we might not be going anywhere.
We'll decide when your father gets back.
I don't want to go back to Los Angeles.
Neither do I.
We'll find another place. a safe place.
Another colony?
Let's take it one step at a time.
If we have to leave.
we'll start by going
to the house down the hill.
Why can't we just get rid of that thing?
Because it's important.
But they'll stop following us.
That's important. too.
We've kept that thing
because we don't want
you and your brothers
to have to live like this
for the rest of your lives.
♪ ♪
Maybe...
Maybe it can help us get back
to the way we used to live...
to the old world.
That world's gone.
♪ ♪
[static crackling over radio]
Lead team approaching position one.
Do we have eyes in the sky?
That's a negative.
Air support is circling.
but we don't want to alert the target.
Copy that.
[helicopter passing overhead]
♪ ♪
[Snyder breathing heavily]
What do you think
those RAPs are gonna do
when they're done destroying that ship?
Not exactly talking
about my area of expertise.
If anything escaped.
they're gonna want to find it.
Back in the Rangers. we
would've secured the perimeter
and then covered every square
inch of that landing zone.
I still think it's better to hide.
Those drones are gonna be
in search-and-destroy.
They'll shoot anything that moves.
You know. maybe... maybe we should...
indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
We want them alive if possible.
Everyone understand that?
- You think they came for us?
- Yeah.
They're preparing to hit the cabin.
Run ahead and tell Katie
to meet at the rally point.
I'll draw their fire.
Move!
♪ ♪
Shit! Take cover! Take cover!
- [gunfire]
- He's over there!
[indistinct shouting]
♪ ♪
[suspenseful music]
[exhales sharply] Jesus.
- Grayhats.
- How many?
- I don't know. Too many.
- [distant gunshot]
- Kids?
- I got the kids.
Do what you need to do.
♪ ♪
[breathing heavily] Hi. guys.
- I need you to follow me. okay?
- What's going on?
Uh. you know the game
hide-and-seek. right?
I don't want to play that game.
They're shooting guns.
Yes. which is why we have to go.
- Emergency plan?
- Emergency plan.
♪ ♪
- [gun cocks]
- Ten bogies outside. at least.
God damn it!
We got to clear out.
♪ ♪
Alan? Kids?
[glass shattering]
♪ ♪
Two minutes.
[gunfire playing over speakers]
Wait.
Okay. go. Go. go.
[gunfire]
♪ ♪
Gracie.
Get 'em moving.
Honey. come with me. Come on.
♪ ♪
- [gunshots]
- [groans]
Katie!
Katie.
I'm okay. I think it hit my backpack.
- Oh.
- Bram. you okay?
We're clear.
[gunfire in the distance]
[gunfire playing over speakers]
[gunfire stops]
[Handel's "The Arrival
of the Queen of Sheba" plays]
♪ ♪
We need to buy more time
for Snyder and the kids.
We're just about out of tricks.
Bram. go and help them.
We'll try and slow down the Grayhats.
Give us ten minutes.
If we aren't there by then.
get to the backup cabin and hole up.
We'll meet you there.
- You good? Let's go.
- Yeah.
♪ ♪
[birds cawing. wings flapping]
Come on.
[footsteps approaching]
- Everyone okay?
- Yeah. I'm glad you're here.
Get them in the truck.
- Where are you going?
- To help your parents.
- How?
- I don't know. but I owe them.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[man groaning]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
Shots fired!
[man shouts indistinctly]
Keep low.
Got movement. Down there.
Copy that.
Will. that's a kill zone.
I know. Stay with me.
[gunfire]
- Got 'em?
- Yeah.
[indistinct shouting]
♪ ♪
[shrieks]
Hold your fire!
♪ ♪
- What...
- [sighs]
What the hell?
Not the first time.
[grunts. exhales sharply]
Come on. let's go.
♪ ♪
[engine idling]
- They're in the back.
- Good. we got to get moving.
Where's Snyder?
He went back for you.
Snyder?
We wait for him?
We can't.
He knows where to meet us.
[dramatic music]
[truck doors close]
You guys all right?
Hold on.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
- Hold it right there. Hold it!
- [gun cocks]
Give it a rest. buddy.
He's fine.
- What the hell are you doing?
- Mr. Snyder.
I called for a rescue operation.
not to be part
of a Civil War reenactment.
This doesn't look like
a secret Resistance base.
You don't say.
Then why'd you activate the locator?
I don't know. Maybe because
a giant alien ship
just got shot down over our heads?
Strange days.
None of that changes the job
that you volunteered for.
Well. I can't live like this anymore.
I'm done.
You're done when the job is done.
You want the gauntlet. right?
Well. you can have it. It's right here.
We could've had it
before you left the Colony.
and believe me. we'll get it.
In the meantime.
you're gonna lead us
to the missing Host.
I've been with them for six months.
They have no idea where
the Resistance base is.
Well...
looks to me like we just
motivated them to go find it.
Now...
[snaps fingers] The locator.
♪ ♪
Do not turn this on again
until you have eyes on the missing Host.
We're not done.
Will Bowman has an excellent
reputation as an investigator.
You're gonna need
a convincing cover story
when you see him again.
[groans]
Sorry. Will.
We knew it wasn't gonna last forever.
We have to find Noa's camp.
We owe it to Broussard.
We made a promise.
Yeah. I know.
I know.
Hey. Dad.
Jesus. what happened to you?
[breathing heavily]
I ran into a couple Grayhats.
One of them hit me with his rifle.
They probably have orders
to bring me in alive.
I am a high-value target. after all.
- How did you get away?
- They walked into a booby trap.
I-I ran away. and I didn't look back.
Sounds like you got lucky.
I don't feel lucky.
♪ ♪
I'm fine. Thank you.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
The important thing is
no one followed me.
How do you know that?
♪ ♪
I guess I don't.
which is why we should move.
Not until you answer
some questions first.
[scoffs] What kind of questions?
How'd the Grayhats find us?
Why are you asking me?
I don't know. They...
they probably spotted us
during the aerial survey
after the crash.
Those guys didn't stumble on us.
That was a strike team.
They came here organized and ready.
What can I tell you. Will?
We're here. We're alive.
We should just count
our blessings and move on.
After the Arrival.
a lot of guys in my line
of work died counting blessings
when they should've been
asking questions.
♪ ♪
He helped us. Dad.
He got Gracie and Charlie in the truck.
and then he went back looking for you.
That true?
I'm just trying to do my part
and help the family.
♪ ♪
We should move.
So...
does that mean that I can climb aboard?
Yeah. hop in.
♪ ♪
[static crackling over radio]
Hello.
Whoever is listening. this is
the Los Angeles Resistance.
We have the package. and we're
ready to bring it to you.
Over.
What?
Dad said you have to say
"over" when you're done.
I repeat. this is
the Los Angeles Resistance.
We're friends of the pilot.
We're in danger and on the run.
If you want the package. this
is your last chance to get it.
Over.
[static crackling over radio]
[truck beeping]
[beeping stops]
What is it?
I don't know.
[dramatic music]
Up there. the trees.
♪ ♪
What would chop them off like that?
Whatever hit 'em. [sighs]
Smart thing to do would be
to get back in that truck
and get the hell out of here.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
[static crackling over radio]
Someone there?
Are you the one who was
breaking protocol?
Who is this?
I'll ask the questions.
What are your names? Your real names.
It's been a long time since your
secret identities were secret.
What do you have to lose at this point?
♪ ♪
Bowman.
My name is Bram. and my parents
are Katie and Will.
Noa mentioned your name.
We've been waiting a long time
for you to make contact.
There's a little bridge called
the "Middle Fork"
in Smith River.
Meet me there in 48 hours.
And bring the package.
♪ ♪
There's something inside.
Is that what they
look like inside the suit?
I don't know.
Someone's gonna be looking
for this thing.
We got to get out of here.
Come on.
♪ ♪
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com